
Mr Khashoggi, a critic of the Saudi government, vanished on 2 October after visiting its consulate in Istanbul.

The authorities in Istanbul believe he was murdered there by Saudi agents - claims Riyadh has dismissed as "lies".

Donald Trump has said he would "punish" Saudi Arabia if it was responsible.

A number of sponsors and media groups have decided to pull out of this month's investment conference in Riyadh, dubbed Davos in the Desert, as a result of concerns over Mr Khashoggi's fate.

A spokesman for the UK's international trade department said Dr Fox's diary was not yet finalised for the week of the conference.

What we know about Saudi journalist's disappearance
The journalist who vanished into a consulate
Why Khashoggi case alarms Saudi activists
A joint statement of condemnation, if it is confirmed that Mr Khashoggi was killed by Saudi agents, is also being discussed by US and European diplomats.

However, Mr Khashoggi's fiancée, Hatice Cengiz, has said words alone will not be good enough if he has been murdered.

Image copyrightAFP
Image caption
Hatice Cengiz: "I have been waking up every morning hoping to hear from him"

She added that Saturday had been "Jamal's birthday".

"When your loved one leaves this world, the other world no longer seemed scary or far away. It is being left here all alone, without them, that is most painful."

Media captionDonald Trump says he'd be very angry if Saudi Arabia ordered the killing of journalist Jamal Khashoggi
President Donald Trump has said the US will inflict "severe punishment" on Saudi Arabia if the kingdom is found to be responsible for the death of Mr Khashoggi.

He said he would be "very upset and angry if that were the case", but ruled out halting big military contracts.

"I think we'd be punishing ourselves if we did that," he said. "If they don't buy it from us, they're going to buy it from Russia or... China."


Mr Cavusoglu has urged the kingdom to allow Turkish officials to enter the consulate.

What is alleged to have happened?
Media captionCCTV footage shows missing Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul.
A Turkish security source has told the BBC that officials had audio and video evidence proving Mr Khashoggi, who wrote for the Washington Post, was murdered inside the consulate.

Reports suggest an assault and struggle took place in the consulate after Mr Khashoggi entered the building to get some documents.

Turkish sources allege he was killed by a 15-strong team of Saudi agents.

Saudi UK envoy 'concerned' over Khashoggi
Turkish press trail Khashoggi's last steps
Saudi ties with West at risk over Khashoggi
Turkish TV has already broadcast CCTV footage of the moment Mr Khashoggi walked into the consulate for an appointment at which he was due to receive papers for his forthcoming marriage to Ms Cengiz.
